DOC Add note in Array API doc regarding support for devices without float 64 support (#28034)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/array_api.rst

    pip install array-api-compat  # and other libraries as needed
    pytest -k "array_api" -v

> Note on float64 support
> -----------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note on `float64` support
-------------------------
```

> float64 precision can sometimes be mandatory, where float32 or inferior precision

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`float64` precision can sometimes be mandatory, where `float32` or inferior precision
```

> might result in catastrophic numerical errors. For this reason there are a occurences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
might result in catastrophic numerical errors. For this reason there are occurrences
```

> in scikit-learn of _upcasting_, where some computational steps will always use float64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in scikit-learn of _upcasting_, where some computational steps will always use `float64`
```

precision, even if the input data is given with inferior precision.

> However some array manipulation libraries might leverage devices that do not support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, some array manipulation libraries might leverage devices that do not support
```

> operations with float64 precision, such as MPS on macOS or Intel® integrated GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operations with `float64` precision, such as MPS on macOS or Intel® integrated GPUs.
```

> scikit-learn always favors consistency of the numerical stability accross all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scikit-learn always favors consistency of the numerical stability across all
```

use-cases, and it will locally dispatch the compute to numpy for steps that have
a minimal precision requirement that is not supported by the device, at the costs of
a transfer to CPU.

> Minimizing the usage of float64 upcasting in scikit-learn is an open improvement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimizing the usage of `float64` upcasting in scikit-learn is an open improvement
```

> direction, to maybe yield better performance from devices that do not support it,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
direction, to maybe better performance from devices that do not support it,
```

Reviewer: Oh actually, I wanted to remove the "maybe"

> since it will avoid data copies and might benefit from higher FLOPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
since it avoids data copies and benefits from a higher FLOPS.
```
